.TH RELINK 1 RELINK
.SH NAME
relink - A simple utility that modifies your symlinks
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR relink
.RI [ OPTION ]...\ [\-\-]\ [ FILE ]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B relink
is a simple utility that modifies your symlinks
.I FILE
in a selected manner:
.TP
*
Change linking to relative path, do not follow links.
.TP
*
Change linking to absolute path, do not follow links.
.TP
*
Change linking to relative path, follow links.
.TP
*
Change linking to absolute path, follow links.
.TP
*
Change into hardlink.
.TP
*
Remove link but duplicate target.
.PP
If
.I FILE
is omitted, the file list will be read from stdin.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-help
Print help information.
.TP
.BR \-\-copyright
Print copyright information.
.TP
.BR \-\-warranty
Print warranty disclaimer.
.TP
.BR \-\-version
Print program name and version.
.TP
.BR \-\-relative
Link to relative path. (default)
.TP
.BR \-\-absolute
Link to absolute path.
.TP
.BR \-\-symlink
Keep as symbolic link. (default)
.TP
.BR \-\-hardlink
Change into hardlink.
.TP
.BR \-\-duplicate
Duplicate target instead of linking.
.TP
.BR \-\-follow-links
Follow symlinks when resolving target.
.TP
.BR \-\-recursive
Change links that are inside directories.
.TP
.BR \-\-nul
Use NUL instead of LF as filename terminator
when reading the filelist from stdin.
.SH RATIONALE
Moving files around when symlinks are invoked can be
hell. Additionally, file managers seldom let you choose
whether symlinks should be relative or absolute.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ln (1)
.PP
Full documentation available locally via: info \(aq(relink)\(aq
.SH AUTHORS
Principal author, Mattias Andrée.  See the COPYING file for the full
list of authors.
.SH LICENSE
Copyright \(co 2014, 2015  Mattias Andrée
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
.br
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to https://github.com/maandree/relink/issues or to
maandree@member.fsf.org

