\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename relink.info
@settitle relink
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory File management
@direntry
* relink: (relink).            Modify your symlinks
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2014 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top relink -- Modify your symlinks
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title relink
@subtitle Modify your symlinks
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{relink}.
* Invoking::                        Invocation of @command{relink}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{relink} is a small utility that either turn symlink
into a hardlink or duplicate of its target, or it can change
how the symlink refers to its target. It can modify the
symlink to use either relative path or absolute path. But
it can also change th target to be the real path, that is,
the end target of a chain of symlinks rather than just the
target of the first link.

The rationale for @command{relink} is that it helps restructure
of file systems. By changing all links to use absolute path
or relative path you can move directories around without breaking
the links.



@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

The command @command{relink} takes a list of file to modify
in the command line arguments. Or if none are selected, it
will read the standard intput. When reading files from
standard input the files are delimited by LF characters,
however if the option @option{--nul} is used NUL characters
delimites the files instead. @command{relink} also recognises
the following options.

@table @option
@item --help
Display a short help message
@item --copyright
Print copyright information
@item --warranty
Print warranty disclaimer
@item --version
Print program name and version
@item --relative
Link to relative path (default)
@item --absolute
Link to absolute path
@item --symlink
Keep as symlink (default)
@item --hardlink
Change into hardlink
@item --duplicate
Duplicate target instead of linking
@item --follow-links
Follow symlinks when resolving target
@item --recursive
Change links that are inside directories
@end table



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

